Sometimes I really hate my job.
I don’t know how Jason stays so positive.
I asked Jason why he refused the money,
and I found out
that he’s one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
My wife is too,
so I know a lot about them.
But what Jason did really surprised me.
I wondered why he didn’t feel like
he was entitled to the extra money.
He’s such a hard worker,
and most of our supervisors accept bribes.
Jason showed me a Bible verse:
“Whatever you are doing,
work at it whole-souled
as for Jehovah, and not for men.”
Jason’s relationship with God influences
every aspect of his life,
even his attitude toward work.
He couldn’t participate
in something dishonest, even if others did.
I could see that Jason really lived by his beliefs.
Jason invited me to see the construction project
he’s been volunteering at.
I felt like I had entered another world.
People of different races
worked alongside each other
without prejudice,
and they were all volunteers.
Jason offered to study the Bible with me.
Emma has asked me to study in the past,
and I’ve always refused.
But this time, I accepted.
I liked my study
and even enjoyed going
to the Kingdom Hall occasionally.
But I had to work overtime
to support my family.
I couldn’t go to meetings every week.
Hey, Jason,
how do you do it all
—work, family, meetings, even volunteer work?
I try to keep in mind
Jesus’ words at Matthew 6:22.
Jesus compared our eyes to a lamp.
He said that if ‘our eye was focused,
our whole body would be bright.’
It’s impossible
to focus on more than one thing at a time.
Jesus wanted his followers
to focus on a single purpose:
that of doing God’s will.
Rather than being distracted by material things,
my wife and I lead a simple life,
avoiding unnecessary debt
or acquiring possessions
that consume a lot of time and attention.
This way of life allows us
to have time for what’s truly important.
If you asked Emma,
which do you think she would prefer:
that you made more money
or spent more time with her at the Kingdom Hall?
Jason’s example really impressed me.
He was an honest and diligent worker,
but he also kept secular work in its proper place.
It made me think about the choices I make,
and I decided that I too
wanted to ‘work whole-souled for Jehovah.’